// Building the Model

1. Input preprocessing
Resize image to 28×28 → because the model expects that shape.
Normalize 0–255 → 0–1 → ensures stable, efficient training.
Not just “less calculation” — it also keeps gradients stable, preventing huge values that break learning.

2. Hidden layer + activation
Dense layer with ReLU → each neuron computes weighted sum of inputs + activation.
Small correction: ReLU adds non-linearity, not linearity. Linear = just straight line, non-linear = can model curves and complex patterns.
Dropout → randomly disables neurons during training → prevents overfitting, forces network to learn more robust patterns.

3. Output layer
The not used neurons -> hidden layers they observe pattern and hence in the end we use dense again to use their results too.
Dense layer with 10 neurons → one for each class (digit 0–9).
Clarification: we do not need activation here only if we use from_logits=True in the loss. Otherwise, softmax is applied to convert logits → probabilities.
Model outputs 10 numbers → after softmax → probabilities → sum = 1 → pick the class with highest probability.

4. Labels / test_y
y_train / y_test are single integers 0–9, not 10 probabilities.
During training, the loss function compares the predicted probabilities to the true label (integer) to update weights.

5. Overall workflow
Input image → preprocess → normalized 28×28 array.
Flatten → Dense + ReLU → Dropout → Dense output layer.
Output logits → softmax → probabilities for 10 classes.
Pick class with highest probability → predicted digit.
Compare prediction to true label → update weights → repeat for all training images.

We can also directly use softmax in the activation function too
tf.keras.layers.Dense(10, activation='softmax')
- already specifying input size
-> these would directly print the probabilites and not raw logits but this is not advised since then
Training a model uses a loss function like sparse_categorical_crossentropy.
Most implementations of this loss expect raw logits, not softmax outputs.
If you feed in softmax outputs:
The loss calculation can become less numerically stable (risk of tiny rounding errors or extreme values causing instability).
TensorFlow’s optimized loss functions combine softmax + cross-entropy in a single step for exact, stable calculations.

Loss function (sparse_categorical_crossentropy) compares:
Ground truth (correct class, e.g., 5)
Logits (model’s raw outputs)
It computes negative log probability of the correct class:
If model is confident and correct → loss ≈ 0
If model is unsure → higher loss
Untrained model → predicts roughly equal probability for all classes (1/10 each for MNIST)
Loss = -log(1/10) ≈ 2.3 → explains why initial loss is around 2.3.
In short: loss measures how “wrong” the model is, starting high when predictions are random.

The loss value (2.36) is expected: your model is untrained, so it outputs almost random probabilities.

// Training the Model

